http: add support for filtering `/metrics` by component label (#3881)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/http/_index.md

The `/metrics` endpoint returns the internal metrics of {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} in the Prometheus exposition format.

> #### Component Filtering

Reviewer: I just spotted that the headings are not at the right level throughout this topic. I've opened https://github.com/grafana/alloy/issues/3892 to follow up on this.

> You can filter the metrics ouput using the `component` query parameter.
> 
> Ex: `/metrics?component=agent&component=otel`
> 
> Only metrics with a `component` label matching one of the provided values will be returned.
> 
> If no `component` filter is provided, all metrics will be returned (default behavior).
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `component` query parameter to filter the metrics output. 
For example: `/metrics?component=agent&component=otel`.

The endpoint will only return metrics with a `component` label that matches one of the provided values.

If you don't provide a `component` filter, the default behavior is unchanged, and the endpoint returns all metrics.
```

Some changes to make the sentences more active. Expand the `Ex:` to something more descriptive.
